Edit doc overall based on PyAnsys doc style guidelines (#655)
pyansys/pyfluent: doc/source/user_guide/solution.rst

Applying solution settings
==========================

PyFluent allows you to apply solution settings, initialize, and solve using 
:ref:`ref_solver_tui_commands` and :ref:`ref_settings`.

Using solver TUI commands
-------------------------
The following examples show how you apply solution settings
using :ref:`ref_solver_tui_commands`.

Selecting solution methods 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The ``solve.set.p_v_coupling`` TUI selects which pressure-velocity coupling scheme to use.

Author: ```suggestion
The ``solve.set.p_v_coupling`` TUI command selects which pressure-velocity coupling scheme to use.
```

Five schemes (Index-Model) are available: 20-SIMPLE, 21-SIMPLEC, 22-PISO, 24-Coupled,
and 25-Fractional Step.

> The ``solve.set/gradient_scheme`` TUI sets the gradient options.

Author: ```suggestion
The ``solve.set/gradient_scheme`` TUI command sets the gradient options.
```

    session.solver.tui.solve.set.gradient_scheme('yes')    # Green-Gauss Node Based
    session.solver.tui.solve.set.gradient_scheme('no','yes') # Least Squares Cell Based
    
Selecting solution controls 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The ``solve.set.p_v_controls`` TUI sets pressure-velocity controls.

Author: ```suggestion
The ``solve.set.p_v_controls`` TUI command sets pressure-velocity controls.
```

.. code:: python

    session.solver.tui.solve.set.p_v_controls(0.3,0.4) # Momentum and Pressure

Creating report definitions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The ``solve.report_definitions`` TUI enters the report definitions menu.

Author: ```suggestion
The ``solve.report_definitions`` TUI command enters the report definitions menu.
```

        'quit',
    )

Initializing and solving 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The ``solve.initialize`` TUI enters the flow initialization menu.

Author: ```suggestion
The ``solve.initialize`` TUI command enters the flow initialization menu.
```

The ``solve.initialize.hyb_initialization`` TUI initializes using the hybrid
initialization method.

> The ``solve.iterate`` TUI performs a specified number of iterations.

Author: ```suggestion
The ``solve.iterate`` TUI command performs a specified number of iterations.
```

.. code:: python

    session.solver.tui.solve.initialize.hyb_initialization()
    session.solver.tui.solve.iterate(100)

Using settings objects
----------------------

> The following example shows how you apply solution settings

Author: ```suggestion
This example shows how you apply solution settings
```
